README.md, before:

# My First Personal Project

## To-Do List Application

This is a **To-Do List application** that allows users to keep track of their tasks and plan accordingly.
Some features will include being able to *check items off while using different views*. Anyone who needs a To Do list
application to stay organized will find it useful e.g students, employees. I wanted to make a To Do list application
because I found myself switching through way too many systems to stay on top of my tasks because no app had all the main
features I find useful.

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add a task to my to-do list
- As a user, I want to be able to mark off a completed task on my to-do list
- As a user, I want to be able to view the list of tasks on my to-do list
- As a user, I want to be able to delete a task from my to-do list
- As a user, I want to be able to see a list of completed and uncompleted tasks
- As a user, I want to be able to see the number of incomplete tasks left over on my to-do list
- As a user, I want to be able to set dates and times for deadlines of tasks on my to-do list

Commit message:

Changed to Playlist app, updated README.md and updated classes

README.md, after:

# My First Personal Project

## Playlist Application

This is a **Playlist Application** that allows users to create a playlist of songs. 
Some features will include:
 - adding songs
 - removing songs
 - displaying a list of the songs
 - playing the next song
 - playing previous song
 - skipping song
 - replaying current song
This application will be useful for music lovers who love creating playlists of their favourite songs or songs of 
similar genres.
I wanted to make a Playlist application because I love listening to music for different types of tasks such as studying,
working or going on a walk. I feel that creating playlists are helpful for setting a tone for what type of task you are
about to accomplish!

## User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to add a song to my playlist
- As a user, I want to be able to remove a song from my playlist
- As a user, I want to be able to view the list of songs on my playlist
- As a user, I want to be able to play the next song of my playlist
- As a user, I want to be able to play the previous song of my playlist
- As a user, I want to be able to replay the current song of my playlist
- As a user, I want to be able to skip the current song of my playlist
